README.md, before:

# OA Coder - AI Productivity Assistant

OA Coder is an intelligent, always-on chatbot designed to enhance productivity and streamline workflows for developers, professionals, and everyday users. Built as a standalone desktop application, it acts as a personal assistant that integrates seamlessly into your daily tasks, reducing friction and saving time through automation, quick access to tools, and smart suggestions. Unlike generic chatbots, OA Coder AI focuses on actionable, context-aware responses tailored to productivity needs, such as code snippets, task management, and workflow optimizations.

## ✨ Overview

### 🎯 Key Features

- **Context-Aware Assistance**: Understands your current task and provides relevant suggestions
- **Workflow Automation**: Automates repetitive tasks and streamlines complex processes
- **Smart Code Generation**: Provides intelligent code snippets and solutions
- **Task Management**: Helps organize and prioritize your work
- **Quick Tool Access**: Instant access to frequently used tools and resources
- **Cross-Platform Integration**: Works seamlessly across different applications and platforms

### 🚀 Perfect For

- **Developers**: Code generation, debugging assistance, workflow optimization
- **Professionals**: Task automation, document processing, productivity enhancement
- **Students**: Learning assistance, project organization, study optimization
- **Teams**: Collaborative workflows, knowledge sharing, process standardization

## ⚠️ Important Notice

**This software is designed for productivity enhancement and learning assistance.** Users are responsible for ensuring compliance with their organization's policies and applicable regulations.

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- [Node.js v20.x](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- Windows: [Build Tools for Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/)

### Installation & Setup
```bash
# Switch to Node.js v20.x
nvm install 20 && nvm use 20

# Install dependencies and build
npm run setup

# Start the application
npm start
```

## ⌨️ Keyboard Shortcuts

| Shortcut | Action | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| `Cmd/Ctrl + H` | Quick Help | Get instant assistance for current task |
| `Cmd/Ctrl + ↵` | Generate Content | Create code, text, or solutions |
| `Cmd/Ctrl + \` | Toggle Window | Show/hide assistant interface |
| `Cmd/Ctrl + M` | Task Mode | Switch to task management mode |
| `Cmd/Ctrl + Arrow Keys` | Navigate | Quick navigation through suggestions |

**Custom Shortcuts**: Configure your preferred keyboard shortcuts in Settings

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Getting Started
1. Launch OA Coder
2. Complete initial setup wizard
3. Configure your preferred AI providers
4. Set up custom shortcuts and preferences

### Recommended Settings
- ✅ Auto-start with system
- ✅ Context awareness: ON
- ✅ Notification preferences: Custom
- ✅ Integration settings: Enabled
- ✅ Privacy mode: Balanced

## 🔧 Building from Source

```bash
# Build renderer only
npm run build:renderer

# Build everything
npm run build:all

# Package for distribution
npm run build:win    # Windows
npm run build:mac    # macOS
npm run build:linux  # Linux
```

## 🧪 Features & Capabilities

### 🤖 AI-Powered Assistance
- **Smart Code Generation**: Context-aware code snippets and solutions
- **Natural Language Processing**: Understand complex requests and provide relevant responses
- **Multi-Provider Support**: Integration with multiple AI models (Anthropic, OpenAI, Google, etc.)
- **Learning Adaptation**: Improves suggestions based on your usage patterns

### ⚡ Productivity Tools
- **Task Automation**: Automate repetitive workflows and processes
- **Quick Access**: Instant access to frequently used tools and resources
- **Workflow Optimization**: Analyze and suggest improvements to your processes
- **Time Tracking**: Built-in time management and productivity analytics

### � Integration Features
- **Cross-Application Support**: Works seamlessly with various development tools
- **API Integration**: Connect with popular productivity platforms
- **Cloud Synchronization**: Sync settings and data across devices
- **Team Collaboration**: Share workflows and templates with team members

## � Use Cases

### For Developers
- Generate boilerplate code and documentation
- Debug and optimize existing code
- Learn new technologies and frameworks
- Automate development workflows

### For Professionals
- Automate data processing tasks
- Generate reports and documentation
- Manage project timelines and tasks
- Streamline communication workflows

### For Students
- Get help with assignments and projects
- Organize study materials and schedules
- Learn new concepts with guided assistance
- Track academic progress and goals

## 🔄 Version 1.0.0 - Initial Release

### Core Features
- ✅ Intelligent conversation interface
- ✅ Multi-AI provider integration
- ✅ Customizable shortcuts and preferences
- ✅ Cross-platform desktop application
- ✅ Task management and automation
- ✅ Context-aware suggestions

### Platform Support
- ✅ Windows 10/11
- ✅ macOS 12+
- ✅ Linux (Ubuntu, Fedora, etc.)

## 📄 License

GPL-3.0 - See LICENSE file for details.

---

**Download**: [oacoder.dev](https://oacoder.dev/) | **Documentation**: [docs.oacoder.dev](https://docs.oacoder.dev/)

Commit message:

Update README with license info and support links

README.md, after:

# OA Coder - AI Productivity Assistant

OA Coder is an intelligent, always-on chatbot designed to enhance productivity and streamline workflows for developers, professionals, and everyday users. Built as a standalone desktop application, it acts as a personal assistant that integrates seamlessly into your daily tasks, reducing friction and saving time through automation, quick access to tools, and smart suggestions. Unlike generic chatbots, OA Coder AI focuses on actionable, context-aware responses tailored to productivity needs, such as code snippets, task management, and workflow optimizations.

## ✨ Overview

### 🎯 Key Features

- **Context-Aware Assistance**: Understands your current task and provides relevant suggestions
- **Workflow Automation**: Automates repetitive tasks and streamlines complex processes
- **Smart Code Generation**: Provides intelligent code snippets and solutions
- **Task Management**: Helps organize and prioritize your work
- **Quick Tool Access**: Instant access to frequently used tools and resources
- **Cross-Platform Integration**: Works seamlessly across different applications and platforms

### 🚀 Perfect For

- **Developers**: Code generation, debugging assistance, workflow optimization
- **Professionals**: Task automation, document processing, productivity enhancement
- **Students**: Learning assistance, project organization, study optimization
- **Teams**: Collaborative workflows, knowledge sharing, process standardization

## ⚠️ Important Notice

**This software is designed for productivity enhancement and learning assistance.** Users are responsible for ensuring compliance with their organization's policies and applicable regulations.

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- [Node.js v20.x](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- Windows: [Build Tools for Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/)

### Installation & Setup
```bash
# Switch to Node.js v20.x
nvm install 20 && nvm use 20

# Install dependencies and build
npm run setup

# Start the application
npm start
```

## ⌨️ Keyboard Shortcuts

| Shortcut | Action | Description |
|----------|--------|-------------|
| `Cmd/Ctrl + H` | Quick Help | Get instant assistance for current task |
| `Cmd/Ctrl + ↵` | Generate Content | Create code, text, or solutions |
| `Cmd/Ctrl + \` | Toggle Window | Show/hide assistant interface |
| `Cmd/Ctrl + M` | Task Mode | Switch to task management mode |
| `Cmd/Ctrl + Arrow Keys` | Navigate | Quick navigation through suggestions |

**Custom Shortcuts**: Configure your preferred keyboard shortcuts in Settings

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Getting Started
1. Launch OA Coder
2. Complete initial setup wizard
3. Configure your preferred AI providers
4. Set up custom shortcuts and preferences

### Recommended Settings
- ✅ Auto-start with system
- ✅ Context awareness: ON
- ✅ Notification preferences: Custom
- ✅ Integration settings: Enabled
- ✅ Privacy mode: Balanced

## 🔧 Building from Source

```bash
# Build renderer only
npm run build:renderer

# Build everything
npm run build:all

# Package for distribution
npm run build:win    # Windows
npm run build:mac    # macOS
npm run build:linux  # Linux
```

## 🧪 Features & Capabilities

### 🤖 AI-Powered Assistance
- **Smart Code Generation**: Context-aware code snippets and solutions
- **Natural Language Processing**: Understand complex requests and provide relevant responses
- **Multi-Provider Support**: Integration with multiple AI models (Anthropic, OpenAI, Google, etc.)
- **Learning Adaptation**: Improves suggestions based on your usage patterns

### ⚡ Productivity Tools
- **Task Automation**: Automate repetitive workflows and processes
- **Quick Access**: Instant access to frequently used tools and resources
- **Workflow Optimization**: Analyze and suggest improvements to your processes
- **Time Tracking**: Built-in time management and productivity analytics

### � Integration Features
- **Cross-Application Support**: Works seamlessly with various development tools
- **API Integration**: Connect with popular productivity platforms
- **Cloud Synchronization**: Sync settings and data across devices
- **Team Collaboration**: Share workflows and templates with team members

## � Use Cases

### For Developers
- Generate boilerplate code and documentation
- Debug and optimize existing code
- Learn new technologies and frameworks
- Automate development workflows

### For Professionals
- Automate data processing tasks
- Generate reports and documentation
- Manage project timelines and tasks
- Streamline communication workflows

### For Students
- Get help with assignments and projects
- Organize study materials and schedules
- Learn new concepts with guided assistance
- Track academic progress and goals

## 🔄 Version 1.0.0 - Initial Release

### Core Features
- ✅ Intelligent conversation interface
- ✅ Multi-AI provider integration
- ✅ Customizable shortcuts and preferences
- ✅ Cross-platform desktop application
- ✅ Task management and automation
- ✅ Context-aware suggestions

### Platform Support
- ✅ Windows 10/11
- ✅ macOS 12+
- ✅ Linux (Ubuntu, Fedora, etc.)

## 📄 License

MIT License - See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## 📞 Support

- 🐛 **Issues**: Report bugs or request features via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/naikniranjan1/oa-coder/issues)
- 💬 **Discussions**: Join community discussions on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/naikniranjan1/oa-coder/discussions)
- 📧 **Contact**: For support questions, reach out via GitHub

## ⭐ Star History

If you find OA Coder useful, please consider giving it a star on GitHub!

---

**Repository**: [github.com/naikniranjan1/oa-coder](https://github.com/naikniranjan1/oa-coder)
